## UML Parser
 A program which converts C# Source Code into a UML Diagram. It takes C# source code as an input and generates class diagram.
 Requirements :
 Java JDK version 1.8 (Set environment variable)
 Working internet connection (for class diagram)
 Tools / Plug-ins used :
 Eclipse Mars
 ANTLR 4 IDE eclipse plug-in
 Xtext 2.7.3 SDK eclipse plug-in
 Eclipse Faceted Project Framework
 YUml diagram generator (http://yUML.me)
 Library / Jars used :
 antlr-4.5.2-complete.jar
 CSharp Grammer
The program expects following arguments:
1. Source Path: The path where C# test case files are.
2. Output Path: The path where generated diagram will be stored as a .png or .jpg image.

####Usage Instructions
1. Extract UMLParser-deliverables-Bhavin-Agrawal.zip. This contains Source code, converted test cases and executables.
2. Open “executables” folder
a. Go to command prompt/Terminal from this folder
b. Run in windows
Type “UMLParser <Source Path> <Output Path>”
UMLParser.bat is a batch file which contains list of instructions to be carried out on UML Parser jar.
e.g. UMLParser “\UMLParser-Deliverables-Bhavin-Agrawal\Source code\test cases C#\uml-parser-testcase-1” “\UMLParser-Deliverables-Bhavin-Agrawal\output.png”
c. Run in Linux
Execute below commands
1. Chmod +x UMLParser.sh
Personal Project – UML Parser Bhavin Vishnukumar Agrawal (010827206)
Software Engineering San Jose State University
2. ./UMLParser.sh <Source Path> <Output Path>

####ENVIRONMENT Setup
1. Install Eclipse Mars
Download it from https://www.eclipse.org/downloads/
2. Install Faceted Project Framework
a. Go to Eclipse > Help > Install new Software
b. Enter http://download.eclipse.org/releases/mars in the work-with textbox.
c. Press enter and wait for the list to load. Enter “facet” and select Eclipse Faceted Project Framework and Eclipse Faceted Project Framework JDT Enablement
d. Let the installer finish. Restart the eclipse.
3. Install XText 2.7.3 eclipse plugin
a. Download tmf-xtext-Update-2.7.3.zip from http://mirrors.ibiblio.org/eclipse/modeling/tmf/xtext/downloads/drops/2.7.3/R201411190455/
b. Go to Eclipse > Help > Install new Software..
c. Press Add and add path to tmf-xtext-Update-2.7.3.zip in location textbox.
d. Press Ok and let the installer finish the installation. Restart the eclipse
4. Install ANTLR 4 IDE
a. Go to Eclipse > Help > Eclipse Marketplace
b. Search with Antlr 4 IDE
c. Press Ok and let the installer finish the installation. Restart the eclipse
5. Download antlr-4.5-complete.jar
Download from http://www.antlr.org/download.html
6. Download ANTLR4 C# Grammar from Github
7. Create a new ANLR 4 project in eclipse. Add C# grammar and antlr-4.5-complete.jar
8. Create/Import Listener and Visitor class to walk through abstract syntax tree of source code generated by ANTLR4
9. Create a HTTP URL to Yuml to generate output diagram.
10.Generate UMLParser.jar file and execute it using list of instructions in command prompt (batch file)
